What about, what about like the...
Dis... like...
Golden couple of Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan.
I don't think anybody watched Joe vs. Mario.
Ha, ha, ha...
Ha... ha... ha...    Yeah...
Sleepless together.
I like you got male better. I think because it's like, um, it's a quality.
It takes place in New York.
and I love the whole like
Interaction between like the great character
Dave Chappelle comes out on it, which is
Translate well
She's corination (***) like magic.
That movie was really cute and we still like...
My friends will be like M F E O
Not everybody knows what that means, so made for each other.
Okay ...            Yeah... yeah...i
Two things about the movie that don't necessarily talk about the story that I
absolutely love are the soundtracks.
Especially Sleepless in Seattle. I have that on CD. So good.
and the sets like Meg Ryan's like
living areas in both movies i'm like i want to move there
i want my apartment to look like that like the sets to me were just amazing
See?
I love that them...    Yeah
That's like a statement.
Ha, ha, ha...
My sister went to the restaurant. Yeah.
I don't know where at in New York City but
Somewhere... I'll ask her and then I'll let you know.
But I think it'd be cool because I've never been to New York City.
to go and to do a tour of all like the movie spots
Yeah...
Yeah, but Harry, my salad is so good.
Ha, ha, ha...
I saw it many times.
Ryan Reynolds Sandra Bullock
It is time.
Ohhhh...
Ha, ha, ha...
Ha.. ha.. ha...ha.. ha.. ha.. ha..
It's supposed to be weak, it's a rom.com
Hmm...
Ha, ha, ha...
She's going to be like that. She's going to be like, it was magic.
I want a full report. ha..ha..ha..  I want a full report.
First time I've said that in my life.
Why can't I think of what other rom-coms? There's tons! Why can't I think of any off the top of my head?
for you.
She is not my fave.
Oh, how to lose a guy in 10 days?
Yeah...
That was a cute one too.
I also like Reese Witherspoon too.
She had a cute one about the Alabama.